= Development Notes =

== Short-Term Tasks ==

  * Proper make support (ValidityState) for aidl and dex
  * Fix aidl compiler failure on ApiDemos project
  * Complete code insight for manifests
  * "Deploy on make" option (to avoid emulator restart when restarting app)
  * Select emulator startup options in run configuration settings
  * Auto-add android.jar to module dependencies when Android facet is detected
  * Quickfix to regenerate R.java for unresolved resource references

== Longer-Term Tasks ==

  * Debug support
  * Code insight for view definition files
  * Application level configurable for SDK paths
  * Inspection to register activities/intents/etc. in manifest if they aren't currently registered.

== Maybe Someday Tasks ==

  * Complete implementation of AIDL language. Looks like the only difference between AIDL and Java is the usage of in/out/inout modifiers on parameters of interface methods.
  * i18n actions to move string literals to resource files
  * Visual designer for views
  
== Problems ==

  * Android SDK location is an application scope setting (local) which is currently stored in .iml files (shared). Should have application-level configurable with mapping from SDK version to installation path, and store only SDK version in .iml
  * Completion of tag and attribute names in .xml files is not available because schema is not available for Android XML formats, and DOM-based tag/attribute name completion seems to be available only in post-7.0 IntelliJ IDEA versions.
  * Xerces validation should be automatically disabled for Android XML files. The only pluggable way to do this in IDEA < 7.0.2 is to create an inspection profile programmatically, and to assign it to the res directory and manifest file.
  * How to implement rename and find usages for resource IDs?
  * aapt source generating compiler is only correctly invoked for project compile scope. For module compile scope (used for run), the generate() method isn't called.